[Music]
I know very well that Ganesha is the
symbol of purity of sanctity and
worshiping the innocence when you are
worshipping Shri Ganesha you have to
know that he's the embodiment of
innocence so to be innocent is not
possible you have to be innocent in the
sense that you are innately innocent
this happens after sahaja yoga after
realization and your power to fight all
these wrong negative feelings within you
and without are absolutely supported
protected by the mother of Shri Ganesha
worship investiga Nisha improves your
mooladhara improves your sense of shame
improves of your own dignity self-esteem
you dress up in a way that shows that
you respect your body you talk in such a
way that just shows that you respect
your tongue your language you cannot
have a foul mouth if you are in a sane
person cannot have a mind that can abuse
or can say horrible words I have seen in
America they talk in such a funny manner
that you are shocked there's no need to
use these dirty words to express
yourself with that your tongue is born
so innocence is gone from your tongue
if you have lost innocence from your
tongue whatever you say will never come
true will never come true but if you are
innocent and your tongue is innocent and
respect
so the basic as you can see respect your
innocence in every manner now in sahaja
yoga also we have some people who just
tick on hiepro critically and they have
kanesha problem and there are some who
support this fellow can say oh I was
such a sick man and I have no wife or I
had no love from my parents or anything
and others start supporting this kind of
sympathy is very dangerous is extremely
dangerous first of all this sympathy
raise that person who cannot get over
his problems and gradually you also pick
up these problems instead of helping him
that you do the meditation of and he
shall you just sit on the mother earth
see a say a thorough shisha use the
paddle your problem will go away instead
of that they start sympathizing this is
not sympathy is sympathy means to share
but he means pathos so you share all the
problems of that person yourself so
never supported wrong thing if you
really love that person you care for
that person you have to tell that person
this is wrong this is wrong this is
wrong
that's why Ganesha is worshipped first
because Ganesha was the first deity that
was created by a discipline because if
she has to create something she must
know that there has to be power of
innocence otherwise people will go wrong
they'll do all kinds of wrong things so
first she created Ganesha whose
innocence you can call the vibration
are so strong that it controls of course
there are people who have I wonder
abandoned completely their innocence and
they think no end of themselves let's
forget about it but normally normally
you are always guided by your own
innocence whether you are aware of it or
not and that is such a sweet such a
sweet thing that it makes people driving
their nobleness in their greatness and
that is what we have to develop in us
the sahaja Yogi's
well sahaja Yogi's go anywhere try to do
anything meet anybody any social work
anything people should feel that joy
that you have within us it's for that
joy only they initially created Shri
Ganesha because that joy which is rough
innocent Java it doesn't harm anybody we
don't expect anything we doesn't demand
anything they don't want anything but
just emitting joy all over that sort of
personality you should have there's
nothing wrong in wearing good dresses
nothing wrong in eating good food
nothing wrong in having conversation but
in all that it is the respect of the
innocence the expression of innocence
should be there with this innocence we
can solve the problems all the problems
of the world can be solved that's why
Shri Ganesha is so important if you do
not have proper understanding of Shri
Ganesha and if you're still Ganesha is
energy Oh party I don't know what can
happen to you these days see so many
horrible diseases are coming because
they are not sanctified the
relationships are not sanctified every
relationship has to be sanctified with
like you have a system you have a mother
you have a brother you have a father
you have all these relationships this
all relationships they are so good so
beautiful and sanctified because we're
in the relationship of innocence you
love your father out of innocence and
you love your daughter out of innocence
you love your mother out of innocence
why should you love for some sort of a
gain then it's cunning but some sort of
I am overpowering then it's cunning it
just for love love sake that's possible
if you're innocent innocence works out
in everything you see because everybody
has little bit of innocence in you have
given a sentence so you can it's like a
fifth columnist to see the innocence is
the fifth power within you so if any
person is innocent
you see if he'll work out on your fifth
column and will make your right when you
give wonder to others what happens you
actually bind him by your innocence and
the poor Caravelle know he has his
innocence within it to capture that
innocence that's how we are there that's
how you make it sensible to work out the
only principle the third father whole
thing rests on what that one is nothing
but innocence so try to develop this
vibe all these things are in 1880
imaginary good morning traversing not
these not these not there is not these
not these to all your thoughts not this
not this not is not you reach them not
my not my not my not
and that is how it is and you see the
whole material world is now attacking
innocence because they're frightened you
cannot attack innocence cannot be
destroyed it cannot be destroyed in a
sense if something is all-pervading and
it cannot destroy it so whatever people
may try it cannot be disturbed but it
can be covered it can recede but it
cannot it will act it's only now many
people have a feeling also that we have
lost our innocence that is something an
eternal quality you have what you never
lose your innocence maybe as clouds can
cover the whole sky maybe your ego and
conditionings and your mistakes might
have covered it but it is always there
always there only thing it is for you to
respect it to behave in a manner that
you respect your innocence not to feel
shy about your innocence never your
innocence itself is a power and your
innocence will definitely give you that
wisdom by which you can solve all the
problems without any difficulty but in a
deeper way if you see who is Shri
Ganesha he is the child of Adi Shakti
she created from the Okara
now Okara is the logos as you call it is
the first sound when she Sadashiva and
adi shakti separated
for creation that sound is used as Okara
which are vibrations which have light in
it they have all the causals of all the
elements only on the right side then
left side it has the power of your
emotions in the center it has the power
of your ascent so it's a very powerful
deity we have and he is playful children
are seldom cruel he is not cruel but if
anything is done against the mother then
he goes all wild
then he punishes and that is how the
divine justice is brought to people
thus if he surrender to Shri Ganesh he
protects us he gives us wisdom he gives
a proper understanding the protocol of
the mother he does not know any other
deity but his mother he doesn't bother
about any other deity but his mother and
he knows that she's the most powerful
deity and this is his wisdom which must
be imbibed when you pray you must try to
invite that that Shri Ganesha please be
kind and merciful and forgiving that you
manifest within ourselves let all these
hypocritical things all these
conditionings and all these wrong ideas
we have all the wrong life we have had
should just disappear like thin air I'll
let the beautiful moonlight of your
soothing qualities of innocence be
manifested through us so preserve your
innocence in these modern times is very
important to preserve your innocence
that Shri Ganesh should be awakened
within you and also in other men that is
going to save this world nothing else
but the innocence that you have is going
to save them whatever you may know
whatever you may say whatever you may
write please see that you are not
hurting the innocence within
it's not necessary to lead a life of
morality it is that what is needed is
your innocence innocence itself gives
you moral strength moral understanding
you don't have to read books with it
don't have to go to any guru for that
innocence will guide you and tell you
that this is what is Sahaj this is what
you have to have you all have got
realization is a very big thing that has
happened to so many people and I always
want you to worship Shri Ganesha within
you stephenie's is your innocence it is
the spirit when you want to know your
spirit it is Shri Ganesha you become one
one with generation it is within you and
is absolutely possible for all of you to
be completely enlightened by the power
of Shri Ganesha so let us try to be
innocent within us be proud that we are
innocent you need not be smart be
spotless is your mental attitude and
innocence is your innate quality which
is connected with this all-pervading
power so may God bless you
[Music]
you